# ECG Report Generator 

This project is made to analyze the ECG paper and generate the report based on the outcome of the analysis done by the Gemini model.

LLM: **Gemini 1.5 Flash**

This Streamlit application allows you to upload an ECG image, generate a detailed ECG report, and download the report as a Word document. The report includes patient information, clinical information, ECG technical details, findings, interpretation, and recommendations.

## Features
- Upload ECG images in JPG, JPEG, or PNG format.
- Analyze the ECG image to generate a detailed report.
- Download the generated report as a Word document.

## Requirements
- Python 3.7 or higher
- The following Python libraries:
    - streamlit
    - google.generativeai
    - python-docx

## Installation
Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ecg-report-generator.git 
cd ecg-report-generator
```

Create and activate a virtual environment:
```
python -m venv venv

source venv\Scripts\activate
```

Install the required libraries
```
pip install requirements.txt
```

#### Set up your API key for Google Generative AI:

- Create a file named api_key.py in the project directory.

- Add your API key in the file:
```
API_KEY = 'your_api_key'
```

## PROCESS

#### 1. Run the Streamlit application:
```
streamlit run final_1.py
```

#### 2. Upload the ECG image:

Click on the "Upload your ECG image" button and select your ECG image file (JPG, JPEG, or PNG).

#### 3. Generate and download the ECG report:

- Click on the "Get ECG report" button.
- Once the report is generated, a "Download ECG Report" button will appear.
- Click the "Download ECG Report" button to download the report as a Word document.

## Application Structure
app.py: Main application file that handles the ECG image upload, generates the report, and provides the download button.
api_key.py: Contains the Google Generative AI API key.
README.md: This file.

## Example Report
The generated ECG report includes the following sections:
** (Note: It depends on the nature of ECG paper and the number of details. Details which are not relevant are removed in the report.) **

Patient Information
Reason for ECG

Relevant Medical History

Medications

ECG Technical Details

ECG Machine Used

Lead Configuration

Calibration

Recording Quality

ECG Findings like Rhythm and Rate, Axis, Conduction and Morphology, etc

Interpretation whether it is Normal or Abnormal

Diagnosis/Findings

Conclusion and Recommendations

Reporting Cardiologist Info


## Sample Report & Demo

Report generated by the model: (in word format)

[Report in Word file](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W8Hp_br27F7aIoHpsi04ZSveDheerHmz/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=116536903840988341968&rtpof=true&sd=true)

Demo Video:

[Youtube videoof the process](https://youtu.be/awjBouyBvl8)
